NAME: OZIGAGU UBANI DAVID
MAT NO: ENG1804799
DEPARTMENT: COMPUTER ENGINEERING
COURSE: ECP 281	
DATE: 12th FEBRUARY, 2021
BETWEEN THE BRAIN OF A 9 YEAR OLD AND A SUPER COMPUTER WHICH ONE IS MORE POWERFUL, INTELLIGENT AND FASTER?
   A Computer is an electronic device that is capable of manipulating data or information. It has the ability to store, retrieve and process data. Computer follows a set of instructions called programs in performing tasks.
We will now look into my course mate’s ideas and contributions to the subject matter “Between the brain of a 9 year old and a super computer which one is more powerful, intelligent and faster?”
   According to them; the computer is faster in operation than a 9 year old because they are manufactured for a specific purpose and therefore they will be faster and more efficient in what they do. That is why we consult computers in most of our calculations to save time.
   Also the brain of a 9 year old is more intelligent than that of the computer because it is capable of adopting new ideas and methods to solve a problem whereas the computer is limited to that specific method. The reason for this limitation is because the computer’s operation is based only on the instructions (programs) given to it, but this is not a good reason because most computers are designed and programmed to learn and become versatile in their mode of operation. It is called Artificial Intelligence.
   Also, according to some of them; the computer is more powerful in the sense that a 9 year old can easily forget something but a computer cannot. Also a9 year old is more powerful because it can do a lot of things but the computer cannot, it only does what it is programmed to do.
   Someone used a rhetorical question to give the reason why a 9 year old is more intelligent. He asked: Between a wise man and a person who comes to a wise man for knowledge who is wiser?Definitely it is the wise man and that is why the person seeks knowledge from him. Likewise in the context of a 9 year old and a computer, assuming the 9 year old is an adult human being; the 9 year old would be more intelligent because it is the human being that manufactures and programs a computer, it is based on the knowledge we have that we produce and program the computer. So how can what depends on us be more intelligent than us?
   In conclusion, I think the 9 year old is more powerful and intelligent because we are the one that give the computer the instructions that they use to operate and therefore they are limited to what we give them and our adaptability gives us an edge over  the computer . When it comes to speed, the computer is faster and that’s why we have to consult the computer in order to perform difficult tasks and calculations faster. The speed of the brain in processing information is very fast but nothing compared to that of the computer .

